Add Vulcanexus-Simulation to package list (#21)
eProsima/vulcanexus: docs/index.rst

2. **VULCANEXUS-TOOLS**: a set of features and applications which allows users to test, improve and configure the performance of *Vulcanexus* in their systems.
3. **VULCANEXUS-MICRO**: provides access for resource constrained devices (micro-controllers) to the DDS world, bridging the gap between them and *ROS 2*.
4. **VULCANEXUS-CLOUD**: scales and integrates *ROS 2* networks located in geographically spaced environments, and enables the deployment of DDS entities in the cloud in a quick and easy way.

> 5. **VULCANEXUS-SIMULATION**: enables users to design robotic simulations. It provides an end-to-end development environment to model, program and simulate robots.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. **VULCANEXUS-SIMULATION**: enables users to design robotic simulations, providing an end-to-end development environment to model, program, and simulate robots.
```
